Add PR Merging Protocol Info (#41)
ansible-collections/cloud-content-handbook: GUIDELINES/pr_submission_and_review_guidelines.md

### **13. Be Patient**
Understand that code reviews take time. Be patient and responsive during the review process.

### **14. Merging**

> Once a PR has addressed all reviewer feedback and has at least two approvals, the submitter of the PR may apply the `mergeit` label to merge their changes into the codebase. Please note that the following repositories do not support the use of this label and will thus require a manual merge:

Reviewer: We should probably note here what type of manual merge we prefer, since there are a few options. I think the answer is "Squash and merge" but maybe someone else can confirm :)

> * [`community.okd`](https://github.com/openshift/community.okd)

Reviewer 2: The `community.okd` repo is the odd one out. PRs on that collection need to be merged by prow, which can be triggered by any one person listed as an approver in https://github.com/openshift/community.okd/blob/main/OWNERS_ALIASES approving the PR. Unfortunately, it's a bit difficult adding people to this file because they also have to get added to the openshift github org.

Author: Thank you, I'll update this info!

* Any repository in the [`redhat-cop` (Red Hat Communities of Practice)](https://github.com/redhat-cop) GitHub org

> * [`terraform-provider-aap`](https://github.com/ansible/terraform-provider-aap)

Author: @gravesm I'd like to double-check that I captured the information from [your comment](https://github.com/ansible-collections/cloud-content-handbook/pull/41#discussion_r1977732471) accurately here

Author: I'm mainly unsure about if `terraform-provider-aap` is what you meant by "the AAP Provider"

### **13. Be Patient**
Understand that code reviews take time. Be patient and responsive during the review process.

### **14. Merging**
Once a PR has addressed all reviewer feedback and has at least two approvals, the submitter of the PR may apply the `mergeit` label to merge their changes into the codebase.

Please note that the following repositories do *not* support the use of this label and will thus require a manual "squash + merge":
* Any repository in the [`redhat-cop` (Red Hat Communities of Practice)](https://github.com/redhat-cop) GitHub org
* [`terraform-provider-aap`](https://github.com/ansible/terraform-provider-aap)

> PRs in the following repository can only be merged by prow, which is triggered when someone listed as an approver in the [`community.okd/OWNERS_ALIASES`](https://github.com/openshift/community.okd/blob/main/OWNERS_ALIASES) file (anyone listed in that file must also be a member of the [OpenShift GH org](https://github.com/openshift)) approves the PR:

Author: ```suggestion
PRs in the following repository can only be merged by [Prow](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/prow). The merge process is triggered when someone listed as an approver in the [`community.okd/OWNERS_ALIASES`](https://github.com/openshift/community.okd/blob/main/OWNERS_ALIASES) file (anyone listed in that file must also be a member of the [OpenShift GH org](https://github.com/openshift)) approves the PR:
```

### **13. Be Patient**
Understand that code reviews take time. Be patient and responsive during the review process.

### **14. Merging**

> Once a PR has addressed all reviewer feedback and has at least two approvals, the submitter of the PR may apply the `mergeit` label to merge their changes into the codebase.

Reviewer 3: Isnt this specific to aws collection? Some of our collections will require 'squash and commit' (point #11) since they don't have the 'mergeit' label. Please correct me if I'm wrong.

Author: That's a good point!  I'd like to add whatever details would be relevant for any code-merging scenario.

Reviewer: Is this something we want to try to standardize across collections? We _could_ add the `mergit` label and automation to all our collections, but I'm not sure if it's worth the effort.

Reviewer 4: I would create a differentiation for those that have mergeit and those that require manual merge for the moment.

Reviewer 2: I believe the repos that don't support zuul merging are:
* community.okd
* anything in redhat-cop
* the aap provider

The okd collection can't support this. We could probably set up mergeit behavior for redhat-cop repos and the provider, though.
